Malachi Eberly
Assignment 1: RL Loop 
    
    For this problem, the agents would be three bots: one in charge of
advertising to individuals under 18, one for individuals 18-30, and one
for individuals older than 30. I think having three bots instead of one
will be helpful because the effective strategies will vary significantly
across people of different ages, and this breakdown will also vary 
depending on the product.

    For the action space, we'll say the three possible actions are
broadcasting a TV commercial, broadcasting a radio commercial, or mailing 
a flyer. Different actions may be taken more than others for different 
bots. For example, more flyers and radio commercials may be used by the 
bots for ages 30+, and more TV commercials may be used by the bot for ages 
under 18 to reach the greatest number of people. This however may present 
challenges, such as deciding what to show in these advertisements, how long 
to make them to keep interest, and knowing how effective each action is for 
the audience.

    The state can be broken down into multiple parts. The agent state is 
dependent on what studies, statistics, research, past marketing strategies, 
and results are available. This history can be used to determine what state 
the bots should have, which makes their state a function of history.

    The environment state will encapsulate aspects such as how popular the 
products are, how many people know about them already, who the product appeals 
to most, etc. However, a lot of this information must be guessed or found 
through research, which may have flaws. This makes the environment state only 
partially observable, and the agents end up with a small subset of the 
environment state, which makes up their information state.

    The reward should be separated into two categories: making profit and 
gaining popularity. Profit is concrete and easy to measure, and since this is 
the end goal of advertising, this should yield the greatest reward. Popularity 
and knowledge of the product should also be rewarded because it often leads 
to greater profits. This also presents a few challenges. One challenge is that 
popularity is hard to measure, and it is dependent on research that is difficult
to gather and polls that may include bias while being collected. Another challenge 
is taking into account how short-term losses may lead to greater long-term 
profits. This sequential decision making means that rewards can be delayed, and 
the agents might be punished for a decision that loses money in the moment but 
could lead to more profit, including spending money on the advertisements.